what's up YouTube I am and my laboratory
where the metros to those mochas as you
can see the that's lovely friends stinky
feet stands not good see that I readies
the fabric are the fabric scraper dinghy
top dog bigger point sit sit try a car
guy it got it sorry about that as you
can see I already
use the fabric shaver dinghy to shape
them down pretty good it actually does
make a difference believe it or not
because that stuff makes the little limp
balls and also make it make the fabric
equipment and so look more beat up and
stuff so I'm gonna submerge in a
submerged soap it's cute excuse me I'm
going to submerge it in warm water
in a little boats boats in house just
kidding
alright so
see that
all right now I want my stink hair on
these either stuff for 70 bucks what do
I expect right beggars can't be choosers
sir over the nice and silk now see that
so my tools of choice spray and wash
like everybody else and palmolive
so I like that hit it up and watch
pirates it ha sorry
there we go I like to let it sit put a
little bit kind of massage it in and I'm
doing my big-ass brush out and brush
them you kind of get the idea
if a minor issues come from Canada I'm
going to keep this brief the damn low
blow takes forever if I keep thinking
longer so
we'll hit him up with some
get my big old brush there she is
you see the practice up
see that I keep in mind i'm using a
really big ass brush so we have a
smaller brush it'll be easier on them on
the insole
the better results you feel that it's it
I would let it sit overnight that way
the spray and wash you no breaks in and
breaks up the same but you're if you're
impatient like me I just you know work
with this get a nice brush let me get
rid of what think that's a okay
look at that
except a cleared one
did all right guys
I will see you guys next time and big
ups to everybody restore my sneakers
everyone who subscribed and i will be
showing the shoes i clean one shoe and i
figured out how to take out the black
stains i'll show you guys in the next
video peace